[Music]
If they do not taze dry hair
damaged or punished with the tips
crisp open
today is your day because we are going to
teach to make here a mask for
the ideal hair for all those who
suffer from these consequences
consequences of the sun from the water of
you already know the dryer of the
hair the iron to smooth it
Permanent chemicals
they spoil us so much this
Mask is the mask that you go
do at home with very few elements is
very easy and it will replace those
treatments that you can also do in
the beauty salons and that works
very good but kids the price is
quite different, not that we're going to
for our mask for our
damaged hair that can also be damaged
put with any type of dry hair
normal fat because it works for everything
type of hair we go with the elements
what we need is the most important thing
of ingredients here we have
a ripe banana already cut into pieces
medium
a quarter cup of plain yogurt and one
spoonful of olive oil and with those
three simple elements we are going to
make our hair mask
punished but before you know that I
I like to tell you those secrets that
has each of the products that
let's use for example the banana
or banana the banana Havana what we're going
to use has tryptophan which is a
Essential amino acid essential for
maintain a healthy pH balance
of the skin we also have the yogurt the
yogurt stimulates blood circulation
and therefore it also unites the
healthier hair growth and about
everything also faster and that I'm going to
say the olive oil that I know we
It will leave soft smooth soft hair
moisturized silky and good is very seductive
So let's mix these elements
here and to beat us very well
very important very well shakes
banana
and yogurt
and now our friend's olive oil
olive oil
and now nothing but beat it and beat it
with patience and tranquility because
it turns out that the banana sometimes costs
a little bit and what it is about is
that the banana is very very well
very finite chopped but if not
we are all banana in the
hair that would not make us any illusion or
be that someone
[Applause]
Well, here we are, we have our
mask for damaged hair and
prepared and now a couple of little things
about that mask a trick
example if you do not want to use a
banana if so by the braves that
I say, you can simply use
also a little pot of those mashed
banana that is used so that
babies eat well it is also will work and
it will be faster and easier and now you
let's explain how to place it
so that it works better in our
hair
let's take that mask and let's go
to put on the hair we are going to
massage everything a little if you have the
long hair is rolled up jce
around the head and then you apply
over you put on a plastic cap
those of shower and if you do not have at hand a
shower cap because it also works
film is transparent to wrap
food then turn your head with
the transparent film and then you wait
about half an hour for it to take effect and
so that the hair gets soaked
well all the nutrients that
has our mask at the end of that
half an hour you remove the hat or the film
transparent and the time has come for
wash our head wash our
head with your usual field to
be possible to be smooth and then what
clarifies jce well well well clarified and
then you can simply apply the
conditioner that you have by habit
and then nothing to comb you to your liking
that you will be beautiful this mask
you can put it whenever the
necesitéis no problem over
once a week when you sit down is that
the hair is
it is not to your liking the
time to use that mask and that
amount that we have done is for a
single application that is the application
mask mixes everything together with a
I only agree, I hope it leaves you
the silky hair bright and very seductive
see you later friends we love you
[Music]